feat: add `dtype` option support in `ndarray/flatten` (#8091)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/ndarray/flatten/README.md

-   **depth**: maximum number of input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] dimensions to flatten.

> -   **dtype**: output ndarray [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. If not specified, the output ndarray [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes] is inferred from the input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **dtype**: output ndarray [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. By default, the function an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having the same [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes] as a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].
```

> -   **dtype**: output ndarray [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. By default, the function an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having the same [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes] as a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   **dtype**: output ndarray [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes]. By default, the function returns an [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor] having the same [data type][@stdlib/ndarray/dtypes] as a provided input [ndarray][@stdlib/ndarray/ctor].
```
